Welcome to WaschZeit. Sign in with your personal email address
and password. In Settings, check your name, language and notification
preferences. Your bookings always remain assigned to your apartment.
The weekly calendar helps you find a suitable available
time quickly. The monthly view shows the shared laundry
schedule and supports longer-term planning. Past, occupied or blocked
times are clearly marked and cannot be booked.
To book a laundry package, first choose a day and an
available time slot. Then select a washing machine and add a
suitable drying room or tumbler if needed. The app checks all
house rules before saving the package as one transaction.
My Bookings shows your upcoming appointments in chronological order.
You can see the machine, room, date and time
slot for each booking. You may only change your
own bookings; bookings made by other apartments remain protected.
If you finish early, release the machine or room
you no longer need. Other residents can then receive
a neutral notice about the newly available time. Cancelling
instead removes your future booking completely before it starts.
The notification center collects current information, such as a washing machine
released early. Your personal filters determine which resource types and time
slots interest you. Your own releases and notices that are no
longer valid are not offered as bookable opportunities.
If a machine or room does not work correctly, create
a factual issue report. Select the affected resource and briefly
describe what you observed. The house administrator then handles the
technical process and decides whether the resource must be blocked.
In App and Device, you can create a short-lived QR
code for another household member. That person receives an individual
sign-in but is assigned to the same apartment. Administrator permissions
are never transferred through this QR code.
Help and Rules lets you review the most important workflows
at any time. Security and Data explains what information is
stored and which rights you have. When using a shared
or unfamiliar device, always end your session by signing out.